Can you put me down before you can say it?
I don't know about Fei Ge
But Fei Ge is really special to Luna
I'm not even angry to hang out with Ah Jun
Tell me about it.
as
Deal with it
Anyway, Fei Ge's freshness didn't last long
Let's take advantage of Fei Ge's absence
It doesn't work if it's buried.
This company is full of Phineas
Not to mention whether anyone is willing to help you
Are you not afraid that Brother Fei will come back to settle accounts with you?
So what can you do?
Think about it.
The newcomers all listen to Sister Hong's lectures
Get up get up get up
Hurry up, you two!
Hey, okay, Brother Bao, hurry up.
back-and-forth
Fiberhome Kiln
Have you heard?
Nope.
Mengmeng Thousand Doors Eight Generals?
Our grandfather
That's right, what I'm going to talk about today is the eight generals of a thousand doors
The so-called general
It's the person involved in Qianshu's opening
Facing the customer's greed and fear head-on
Secondly
Is the general
Responsible for pulling people into the game
Make up conversation scripts
Sister Hong, I have studied English before
Can I do this?
I will consider the performance 5 million
Then came the anti-generals
Here you go.
This is our popular anti-general
Miss Luna?
Responsible for selling hue
Provide customers with insider information and emotional value
The person most trusted by customers
Hey
What are you hiding?